So, on the topic of (***)
yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah
Okay, okay. so
yeah
yeah yeah
Try and dig, try and dig.
Yeah, try it here.
yeah yeah yeah
I was trying to get away on the helicopter but the helicopter always gets destroyed.
I don't know, probably because it's the same actor as on all the other characters, like Chibi Ga Ga.
Yeah, I guess. That's probably one of them. But yeah, that's good.
yeah
yeah yeah yeah
Well, actually I haven't really seen...
personality that much because we didn't watch the part of the actual people talking.
Yeah, i (***) I know
But I remember a lot of the small gals came out, remember?
yeah
Oh yeah, all the little ones came up, remember?
but then gamera will come in and just squish all of it
Like a little book.
yeah
Yeah, yeah.
yeah yeah
Well, I guess he just tries to predict people in general.
yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I don't know. I can tell depending on how the director went.
I don't know, maybe the director of the film or maybe Wanda? like
I guess.
Or maybe, but yeah.
yeah
Yeah, yeah.
yeah yeah
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, that makes sense.
(***)
yeah
oh yeah yeah all the kids are passing and  oh that was good
Who came out? Which one?
I don't know. I guess it kind of does.
I kind of like the kid who...
comes out when the baby gamera comes out.
Yeah.
yeah
(***)
What? No, no, no, the boy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But who's your favorite? Which is your favorite?
Cameraman, Villain, Monster.
yeah i guess
yeah yeah yeah
yeah
yeah yeah
Yeah, yeah.
yeah
yeah  yeah  yeah so everyone like kind of like passes and then
yeah In the end, one of the kids that they passed along to ran into the two boys who were
They're supposed to go to evacuation but they got lost.
Yeah, somehow,
they got into that.
Yeah, and that's what they did.
Yeah, so he went so he he went up and
gave the stone to Gamera
yeah yeah and then that's basically
yeah yeah
Yeah, yeah